com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/ConfirmationDialogBinding.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.ConfirmationDialogBinding
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/ItemSpinnerLayoutBinding.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.ItemSpinnerLayoutBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/ItemPlatformsAdapterBindingImpl.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.ItemPlatformsAdapterBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/evaluation/testproject/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.evaluation.testproject.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.evaluation.testproject.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/ItemAddressBindingImpl.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.ItemAddressBindingImpl
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/ActivityDisplayBinding.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.ActivityDisplayBinding
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/ItemPlatformsAdapterBinding.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.ItemPlatformsAdapterBinding
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/ItemSubCategoriesBindingImpl.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.ItemSubCategoriesBindingImpl
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/FragmentCategoryDetailBinding.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.FragmentCategoryDetailBinding
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/ActivityDisplayBindingImpl.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.ActivityDisplayBindingImpl
com/evaluation/testproject/BR.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.BR
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/FragmentCategoryDetailBindingImpl.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.FragmentCategoryDetailBindingImpl
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/ItemAddressBinding.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.ItemAddressBinding
com/evaluation/testproject/BuildConfig.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.BuildConfig
com/evaluation/testproject/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/evaluation/testproject/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.evaluation.testproject.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/ItemRatingsAdapterBindingImpl.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.ItemRatingsAdapterBindingImpl
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/ConfirmationDialogBindingImpl.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.ConfirmationDialogBindingImpl
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/ItemRatingsAdapterBinding.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.ItemRatingsAdapterBinding
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/FragmentHomeBindingImpl.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.FragmentHomeBindingImpl
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/evaluation/testproject/databinding/ItemSubCategoriesBinding.java
 com.evaluation.testproject.databinding.ItemSubCategoriesBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
